These delusions are running wild
as in super-express
jumping in it, Im on my way to see my love
Hearing excuses and stupid explanations
is such a pain...
but it can't be helped its my fate afterall
If it can't become reality
This love of mine
Then I refuse to wake up ever again
Not knowing anything
I close my eyes
and wished on a star while looking cute
If the world can't be the way I want
Then I don't need it at all
There is only one thing I want
Everything Everything Everything Everything !!
A world that isn't the way I want
such place doesn't exist
There is just one thing I desire
Everything
Everything                                                                                          Everything
Everything                                                              Everything                                                            Everything
Everything                                           Everything                                           Everything                                           Everything                                           Everything                                           Everything
Everything
Doki Doki